contenteditable='true' is interesting, this way html can become editable without javascript, jQuery plugin? (https://developer.mozilla.org/en/DOM/element.contentEditable)

Things needed to be done in the plugin: 
* Save/Cancel button
* Dropdown with <select>
* Change color on hover

<Cork> Kasreyn: $(element).bind($.browser.opera ? 'keypress' : 'keydown', function(event) { if(event.keyCode == $.ui.keyCode.ENTER) { <submit> } });

Links:

php check if connected to mysql
http://www.webmasterworld.com/databases_sql_mysql/3164985.htm

jquery append head css IE
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/problem-with-inserting-link-into-head-in-ie-with-1-4

sed replace text in all files
http://forums.devshed.com/unix-help-35/unix-find-and-replace-text-within-all-files-within-a-146179.html

jqueryui themeroller source code
http://blog.jqueryui.com/2010/02/jquery-ui-download-builderthemeroller-status/

jQuery UI icons
http://www.radupoenaru.com/how-to-add-ui-icons-to-jquery-tabs/

secure php login
http://www.daniweb.com/forums/thread288089.html

php login
http://www.devshed.com/c/a/PHP/Creating-a-Secure-PHP-Login-Script/1/

html formatter
http://infohound.net/tidy/

http://jsfiddle.net

Array.prototype.slice.call
http://www.exforsys.com/tutorials/javascript/javascript-array-object-methods-part-2.html
http://debuggable.com/posts/turning-javascripts-arguments-object-into-an-array:4ac50ef8-3bd0-4a2d-8c2e-535ccbdd56cb

Array.prototype.splice.call
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/499814/recursively-concatenating-a-javascript-functions-arguments

$stmt->bind_param null
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4059513/php-mysqli-stmt-prepare

php regex dot doesn't match underscore?
http://www.noupe.com/php/php-regular-expressions.html

javascript function default null
http://parentnode.org/javascript/default-arguments-in-javascript-functions/

http://code.cside.com/3rdpage/us/newLine.html

firebug light set breakpoints chrome
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1739221/what-is-a-good-javascript-debugging-tool

jQuery $(function wiki document ready
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1158953/four-variations-of-jquery-ready-whats-the-difference

php replace &
http://php.net/manual/en/function.htmlspecialchars.php

good colors for highlight html
http://jan.moesen.nu/code/html-css/google-highlighting/

Conditional-CSS color calculations
http://robertnyman.com/2010/01/11/css-background-transparency-without-affecting-child-elements-through-rgba-and-filters/

jQuery get background color
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/638948/background-color-hex-to-javascript-variable-jquery

css tr.odd ui-widget-content
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2709148/is-it-possible-to-override-a-css-class
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2655925/jquery-css-applying-important-styles

javascript rgb to hex
http://haacked.com/archive/2009/12/29/convert-rgb-to-hex.aspx

javascript parse css
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/385098/how-do-i-parse-import-stylesheets-with-javascript

http://datatables.net/api#fnAdjustColumnSizing

dataTables  jQuery UI Tabs sScrollXInner
http://datatables.net/forums/comments.php?DiscussionID=2343

datatables height
http://datatables.net/forums/comments.php?DiscussionID=1065

center button jQuery
http://www.mail-archive.com/jquery-en@googlegroups.com/msg91970.html

parseTheme.css.php
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/themeroller-php-scripts-source

Theme Switcher Widget not working
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/urgent-themeswitcher-tool-not-working
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/pb-with-theme-switcher-widget-in-production
http://flowplayer.org/tools/demos/index.html

dataTables autowidth
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/604933/jquery-datatables-table-width-problem
http://datatables.net/forums/comments.php?DiscussionID=23&page=1

dataTables_scrollHead
http://datatables.net/forums/comments.php?DiscussionID=2765&page=1

server side notifications php
http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/tutorials/x-realtimeXMPPtut/section5.html

javascript hash table push
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/890807/iterate-over-a-javascript-associative-array-in-sorted-order
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/172524/populate-a-form-with-data-from-an-associative-array-with-jquery
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/134656/where-can-i-find-a-perl-module-for-converting-a-perl-data-structure-into-a-javasc

javascript hash table push
http://andrewdupont.net/2006/05/18/javascript-associative-arrays-considered-harmful/

prepared statements php
http://mattbango.com/notebook/web-development/prepared-statements-in-php-and-mysqli/

selector expression
http://api.jquery.com/attribute-starts-with-selector/

html hide
http://www.victorchen.info/how-to-hideshow-html-elements/

jQuery UI autocomplete scrollbar
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/autocomplete-with-vertical-scrollbar

jQuery select get text
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/196684/jquery-get-select-option-text

http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.mysql-real-escape-string.php

jQuery option selected
http://api.jquery.com/selected-selector/

jQuery append one select into another
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/copying-options-of-select-into-another-select

html color 
http://html-color-codes.com/

jQuery searchable dropdown
http://forum.jquery.com/topic/searchable-dropdown-that-shows-all-the-elements-if-no-string-is-entered
http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-autocomplete/
http://www.learningjquery.com/2010/06/autocomplete-migration-guide
http://jqueryui.com/demos/autocomplete/#combobox

http://www.erichynds.com/jquery/jquery-ui-multiselect-widget/

jquery datepicker format
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2486854/jquery-datepicker-format-problem

jquery UI dialog pass value
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/394491/passing-data-to-a-jquery-ui-dialog

javascript change image on hover jquery
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/540349/change-image-source-using-jquery

jquery ui theme switcher
http://jqueryui.com/docs/Theming/ThemeSwitcher
http://jqueryui.com/themeroller/

trashcan icon
https://wiki.rallydev.com/display/rlyhlp/Row+Action+Icons

